sister in law
What's your job?
Flowers are looking for you everywhere
I feel uncomfortable
I want to see my third sister-in-law
all
I will go with you
Rose
he goes
Why don't you go?
I will not go
I'm just talking casually
sister in law
What happened that day was an honest mistake
this is not intentional
Don't worry
Until the day of the rope
I got both
Firewood rope overnight
in spite of
I won't let my sister-in-law suffer.
But when his father said this, he kept talking.
I accidentally discovered the third sister-in-law
I really think
sister in law
Sister, what do you mean?
Hua'er is plotting against you
Sister-in-law, if you still remember
It was you that day
She cried and begged me
let me think of something
Teach Ryan Manner a lesson
I said I couldn't help
There's nothing we can do about it
it's accidental
has a problem
He also asked his sister-in-law to follow Hua'er
feeling unsatisfied
Rose
Hua'er, that's not what I meant
sister in law
You are very simple-minded
If Lian Maner is allowed to sell it
you may not even know
There are simply too many flowers to look at.
I just wanted to help my sister-in-law.
think about it
Does Ryan Manner have one?
I will bother you again
When did you enter the city?
Hua'er saw those
cute necklace bracelet
I've never thought about this
Sister-in-law, she is yours
when the flowers bloom
I cheated on you, sister-in-law.
flowers, flowers, flowers
exhibit
I know you are the best for me
I believe you, I believe you
do not Cry
Yes
beautiful
Go to my house again
Choose some nice pendants
Yes
Mother
Isn't this Sister Xiu of the Lian family?
The devil was stunned, that's all.
empress, empress
Shver Shver
Xiu'er لك
put
when you wake up in the morning
That's it
you say
Did Xiaoba step on me?
Xiao Ba is back to take revenge.
Remain silent in broad daylight
this this this
What to see
Walk home
go home
This is where everyone moves
What to see
It must be autumn
There are red spots on the face
gods and ghosts
It does not matter
By the way, that's it
imagine yourself
He stepped on grandma's cock
incredible
grandma scolds
take a few steps back
He shook his head sadly
at this moment
saliva star
splashed into your eyes
I wiped it over and over again
I have no idea
What comes out is saliva
Still sad tears
Explain it quickly
trembling lips
raise your hands, raise your hands
you damn girl
Who are you afraid of?
milk
My sister-in-law has a child behind her
he hit her leg
Hey, stop talking nonsense
sister in law
Don't your legs and stomach hurt?
He holds the scepter
He knocked on his sister-in-law's hind legs
Mother
Don't scare yourself
Even if there is a ghost
Not necessarily Xiuba
Sheoba Sheoba Sheoba Sheoba
strangeness
we are still here
Sheba
Mother
It’s really Xiuba
beautiful
presentable
counting
do not scare me
looks like this
It must be effective
what others say
Grandma may not believe it
But Sister Ye'er is an honest person
her words
The portion is not even
Sister Yeer taught me one night
her acting skills
Who hasn’t said hello after reading this?
besides it
I put it on my sister-in-law's face
But impatiens juice
won't last two days
They will take it seriously
in your family
All evidence is in vain
Right and wrong are decided by one mouth
Only Lian Xiuer is willing to talk
Only your family will believe it
aunt's accident
It was her and Lian Huer who did it
next thing
Are the arrangements made?
rest assured
There's nothing I can't handle
As long as you are willing to spend money
Tianmen Shield
Ground door opens
Rich boy calls on God to come
Go away, all monsters and monsters
withdrawal
retreat retreat retreat
Heavy in debt
Your daughter is not the only one
There is another girl
Yes
Dacian, your calculations are so accurate.
children are ignorant
This is great
find a way to solve it
Wait for me to take a closer look
my son's head
What's wrong?
What a pity, what a pity
Unfortunately
so terrible
now your child
Black air surrounds the body
Vision is invalid
Looking uncertain
Destiny changes due to bad luck
most
This is my concubine's business
What about past lives?
It used to be all over the sky
The source of Brahma at the end of the earth
This is a great blessing and a great honor
She is the queen of the palace
empress, empress
Where did you find this person?
Such an obscene boast
It's strange that people believe
Queen
i want to be queen
I don't want to be a concubine
Help Dacian
i want to be queen
I don't want to be a concubine
Mom, think of something else
Daxian, please help me.
if you enter the palace
become queen
I'll make you a national landmark
Teacher, think of a way, teacher
I haven't asked you yet
Where did the blood on the rope come from?
can judge
Who did this?
It can also be inferred
This is Lian Hua'er's plan
Sister Ye who was framed
That’s why I asked Sister Ye’er
You dare not speak
What's wrong with this?
nothing wrong
only
You are a farmer from Shenjia Village
He actually has the ability to do it two or three times
Then I discovered all the secrets
I can also let Sister Ye'er
I must speak
you are the main character
where is he from?
This Lian Xiuer really wants to enter the palace
you want
Why should I enter the palace?
Become a national landmark
she is still queen
I don't want to be with a bunch of women
competing for the same man
Just wait for it to flip
pregnant
Fear
We also have to worry about things in the cold palace.
you are a country girl
Why do you care about things in the palace?
Very understanding
television
This is what the narrator said
So don't you want to make money?
This is the palace
I get a monthly salary every month
I really don't want to
What you said makes sense
Like you really want to take me to the palace
this is me
Still want to rely on
Make money yourself
Wait until you have money
You can continue reading
I will go to other places in the future.
so
You must earn enough 1,000 gold coins
Why does it have to be one thousand gold coins?
Master please
The tide goes out
It's hard to come back
what can be done now
Only disaster will come
Bless peace
So how do we ensure this safety?
it's not difficult
This kid pities his mother
He just came for revenge
As long as I can understand mom
Let the children feel
Mom's comfort
He will leave of course
This problem is easy to deal with
Go find your third sister-in-law
No
I promised flowers
no one can tell clearly
spend your money
She will give you the broken earrings
I have a few words to tell you
Scams are everywhere
you are dizzy
If you don't leave, I will leave
Hua'er is not that kind of person
What is not that kind of person
If you want to go, I will come to you quickly
Shver Shver
Sher
this dead child
you are shortsighted
this child
wait
has no effect
Battle of Changping
King Zhao was defeated
it's because of my heart
The thorn of distrust has been planted
Punk is just slander
Then he turned to Lin Xiangru
Let’s change it to Zhou Guo
speak English
Although she is your sister-in-law
She still doesn't want to talk
But the thorn in my heart is the lack of self-confidence
Planted a long time ago
at this moment
Just evil
Grandma convinced me for a long time
I can't even convince my sister-in-law.
if you go
My sister-in-law will only become more defensive
Now I can only find one
Because I didn't go on vacation with my sister-in-law.
Also eloquent
very smart
Let the talented and beautiful villain go.
Only in this way can we achieve success
Who is this guy
She will give you the broken earrings
I have a few words to tell you
She was cheated on again and again.
you are dizzy
impossible
There's no way Hua'er can do this to me
What happened to my sister-in-law’s face?
beautiful
It's just a fall rash
So how good is this rash?
what do you mean
Make my sister-in-law look particularly charming.
only
This pair of earrings has emeralds on them
if i could change it
Make you look richer and more elegant
This is the new style of Cuiyu Pavilion
How cheap can it be?
Will she be my sister-in-law?
Let someone lie to you
This pair of earrings has emeralds on them
dull color
Visible dark spots
But there are deals everywhere
Selling for five cents in this town
let someone else pick it up
The store won't feel bad
how so
This is what the flower gave me
This was submitted by Sister Hua'er
this must be a good thing
only
just what
Just a sister-in-law
Don't wear it
Strutting through the market
vulgar maid in town
Why wear this style?
Don't you think so?
Nephew made a mistake
my nephew is just a man
Maybe it was a blind moment
This flower girl is very smart
This must be an honest mistake
I didn't mean to deceive my sister-in-law.
She must have lied to me
Sister-in-law, what’s wrong with your face?
What are you turning over?
If it breaks, my family can't afford it.
sister in law
It's because you don't love me
earrings for you
Doesn't it look great?
Then you can choose again
My mother went to town again
Brought me a few
I give you everything
You obviously don't want to give it to me
Otherwise why hide it?
this jewelry box
i have never seen
Sister-in-law, what are you talking about?
this is not
Is it too late?
For you?
you are lying
I've also seen you wearing this hairpin.
I ask you to say you lost it
It turns out you hid it too
what happened to you today
for broken earrings
you're driving me crazy here
Is this about earrings?
because of you
The earring I gave you is broken
It turns out
He threw away all the third sister-in-law’s children
Rose
Are you waiting for this to be over?
Are you still human?
Sanal
useless
he sits
Third brother
Man'er's daily life
Just respect me with your words
Also take the ears of rice
i scratched my face
leaving my father again
excuse me
i'm really angry
You teach me flowers
The third sister-in-law stumbles and relieves her anger
I just want to travel with my third sister-in-law
I never thought about letting my third sister-in-law have an abortion
Third brother
Please forgive me
still elusive
No
Sanal
Xiu'er can't be blamed for this.
It's all because of flowers
dad
We can't just let this go.
I
I have punished her
I taught her a hard lesson
She knew she was wrong
I will never dare to do this in the future
grandmother
Hua'er really didn't mean it
Hua'er gets along with sister-in-law
meet my sister-in-law
Bullied by Sister Man
I just want to help her
I have no idea
This is how things will develop
Yes
After all, flowers
just a child
How do you meet women?
Pregnancy is dangerous
Moreover, flowers
She will marry into the Song family soon
if he really deserves to be punished
What scars are there on your body?
The Song family will see him then
We fear this is not easily explained.
Stop talking about marriage
You're the only one talking nonsense.
many ideas
This is the daughter I raised
Mother
I can't complain about this
shut up
Was it wrong for me to scold her?
Mother
Daughter-in-law these years
Even if there is no credit
I think it's a little hard work.
How dare you tell me
Credit and diligence
Since the Lian family got married
With a ladylike temperament
Encourage your son to live in the city
dad
This is all my son's fault
He is usually busy learning knowledge
Teaching is ignored
you want to be beaten or punished
Come to see me
this flower
She wants to marry into the Song family
Our career is the most important
Sanal
I've suffered a lot these years
Your brother is studying abroad
The cock is delicious and lazy
You give this house
what has been done
my father knows
ninety
If you want to find Hua'er and Xiu'er
Come for revenge
deserved punishment
Just let them suffer
Hua'er is getting married soon
Waiting for Hua'er to marry into the Song family
Help your brother make a successful donation
Then our family
These difficult days are over
but that's it
Bad rumors
What happened next?
No one can mention it again
Rose
Sher
You two, go home and stay.
- Reflect on your own mistakes
dad
forget it
Which
So what do you want dad to do?
Only in this way can you be satisfied
Where is the third child?
At that time, my father and mother
I'm counting on you to become famous
Only your mother-in-law is unlucky
it makes you lame
Make you lie in bed unable to move
How much did this house cost?
he treats you
You must beat and scold all family members
Is this what makes you happy?
I
you said so
you say
I
I feel uncomfortable
my father won't say
let me say
in my opinion
That's it
forget it
my aunt
Mannar has something to say
I don't know whether to say it or not
Just say it
As long as you can't give birth to a baby within one day
Grandma will never give up
we would like
Adopt other people's children as your own
If this happens again in the future
Come on, kill one
It will collapse in a hundred years
How lively she must be
What did you say?
do as you say
- Reflect on your own mistakes
Think about it facing the wall
Mother
You mean Ryan Manner?
Why do we just forget this?
Our family all wants to live a good life
I still have to count on you
Your father will definitely not punish you severely
others
i won't do anything to you
Rose
What's wrong
Is this you?
Mother
Who did it?
who did this
Are you OK
bloody blood
Are there any other injuries?
I have no idea
Mother
he goes
back home
Come and help mom
Support your mom, support your mom
Slow down, slow down
slow down
Who did this?
let me find him
i must kill him
slow down
you
go away
give to me
What should I do first get it
I'll give it to me first
I took it
Take it, take it, take it
give to me
grandfather
give me this dead girl
I ate my mother
I boiled brown sugar eggs
What are you hiding?
he is still in jail
Why go to the trouble of making this up?
This is called longevity line
Longevity can avoid war disasters
Stay safe and live long
Mom invented this
First, think about
I want to pray for Zhi
we shouldn't be together
Mother only hopes
He will find a good family again
two is
my mom wants to do more
take and sell
You and Xiaoqi
he can live a good life
Mother
What about making money?
give it to me
I recently thought about A
great way to make money
you will soon become one
Rich man becomes housewife
when the time comes
only you care
Count money every day
go call the servant
Mom knows
I am Munir
most capable
dad
his father
I am not the second sister-in-law today
Will you go back and pick up the food and deliver it to the field?
i should worry about you
So come back and have a look
What are you hiding?
look
We pick it from our own fields.
his father
us
It's best to go out separately.
or because
Jehovah and others
no way
in fact
the day of the accident
I'm from Shangdi
I came to you to discuss family separation.
if there is no separation
after
They will also bully us
He will also bully Maner and Xiaoqi
for children
I want to live separately
But they are all a family
This is this
a family
So why is it like this every time?
The injured are all mothers
And they are the beneficiaries
No, Munir
This is about your mother's miscarriage
Actually a newbie
they are impulsive
But with your uncle and aunt
still got more
It doesn't matter
at the moment
The child is missing
your father and your milk
really sad
I can't do this now
to go deep into their hearts
why every time
Think about everyone
what about me
Where is my mother?
Where is Xiaoqi?
And the unborn Xiaoba?
you don't care
Of course Dad feels sorry for you.
but
this
damn it
There are still peanuts waiting to be harvested in the area
it has good comfort
wait me back
Let's talk about it when we get back
dad
even family even family
I even know my family
I have peanuts at home and can’t use them
You have to run out and steal peanuts
Even selling peanuts can make money
I don't even know where the money is hidden.
Who designed it?
This program is broken
This is not cleared yet
I am angry
Brother Xinnuo
horrible
Kraft
where to?
no no
Look at this peanut field
Up to ten kilograms
I can't even sell half a tael of this.
Do you want to consider something else?
ways to make money
how do you feel
Who says you can only make money by selling peanuts?
Brother Ewing told me
Uncle Jin went out to collect debts
not at home
so
Let's finish digging this land
Just go to his place and prepare garlic and peanuts.
This land has not been plowed yet
None of you can even think of leaving.
what's on your mind?
She still wants to escape
petticoat
no escape
Xiao Qi
Give me your thoughts, bro.
OK
Believe it or not
I trust you
Perfect
Who gets the most peanuts?
Just teach him this technique.
do not move
exist
Come
try
how
presentable
What does success mean?
I said it, but I didn't say it
taste
Best restaurant in town
everything is delicious
That's great
After this
you can take it and sell it
Let's go first
Fauchon restaurant in town
Fusong Restaurant
But they are the standard in their industry
Lu is shopkeeper Zhang
I collected our peanuts
our peanuts
But you don’t have to worry about selling out.
Our store owner is not here today
Something big happened at home
waiter
exist
do big things
Just do big things
It's time to do big things
Go to his house
take advantage of his happiness
selling peanuts
you
Definitely a good time
Go to the Buddhist temple at 1 p.m.
I think of my mother who gave birth to me
My mother was pregnant with me for ten months
It makes my mom look yellow
Tea and rice are tasteless
Mom has worked hard all her life
Take care of your boys and girls
Eat quickly and recite Buddha's name to repay your parents' kindness.
Thirteen
Notify parents
Go to the Buddhist temple at 2pm on the second watch
I think of my mother who gave birth to me
why are you here
Saint Deban was invited by Boss Zhang
Come here to mourn
who is this
This is the one in the forest before
The girl from the Lian family who saved me
mentioned to you
It turned out to be Miss Lian
Thank you Miss Leanne for saving my husband.
that person
Ronaro
Lang Lang
this is my nickname
That's it
I want to save money
saved citizen
This title has been around for over 20 years
That's enough honey
nalanglang
Since your compatriots
he is from the band
Which
I'm not from the band
So why would you do this?
Sing with passion
I just focus
do what you do and love what you do
Definitely don't like it
So when you are loyal
It should be clear
Character details
you can sing lyrics
let me tell you the truth
Let's do it this time
I want to sell peanuts and garlic
This is why shopkeeper Zhang
you provide some information
How can I go out and make money?
Isn’t this just to make money to redeem you?
Stop talking nonsense
This is shopkeeper Zhang
Do I understand clearly?
have
brief survey
Shopkeeper Zhang
Zhang Pingan
Fauchon restaurateur
Fifty-six years
Have three sons and three daughters
he has seven sisters
Among them, his father died when he was young
poor family
My mother-in-law, Mrs. Zhang
He killed eight of their brothers with one hand
reluctantly
Big draw
His mother has been giving him advice since he was a child
treat others well
Help yourself
he goes
At that moment I was beaten
Remember to protect me
Don't worry
Go quickly
Ms. Zhang was born in a peasant family
My home is in Kaifeng
He has a bold personality and likes to sit cross-legged
child
During his lifetime, he was very strict with shopkeeper Zhang.
Commonly used ruler
Hit shopkeeper Zhang on the head
What's your job
I don't even know my mother anymore
Where did this crazy girl come from?
Why don't you leave quickly?
It hurts, it hurts, it hurts
This is what Ms. Zhang looks like.
Mrs. Zhang’s spirit appears
let's see
When Boss Zhang first started to get involved in the catering industry,
Not promoted
Mrs. Zhang kept warning him
Be happy as a person
Money is external property
child
What did your mother usually teach you?
That smile will always appear
Good luck will come naturally
Why are you crying so hard?
Mother
leave me
fool
How did your father die?
my dad
He died of illness
when your father leaves
it's painful
so cute
He lived to be eighty years old
No disease, no disaster
This is a great event
you are still crying
Mother
He will become a star in the sky
if you want your mom
Just search
My mother is the most worried
It's you
What if you want your mom to be happy?
You must be happy first
do you understand?
I see
look how thin you are
these days
Didn't eat well
eat two
Hit or miss?
Damn, what a kid.
Mother
About to go to heaven
if you want your mom
Just search
raise your head firmly
Mom can see you in heaven
This is this
Manier
Are you OK
where is that
why am i here
It scared me to death
Come
Let's go home quickly
I'm very sorry
I'm so sorry everyone
Go quickly, go quickly
This little brother
Is it possible?
sell me this peanut basket
No
Sell ​​at least ten baskets